Code Analysis documentation clarification (#24881)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/code_analysis/static_analysis/_index.md

* The **Code Vulnerabilities** tab contains the violations found by Datadog's rules in the [Security category][2].
* The **Code Quality** tab contains the violations found by Datadog's rules in the [Best Practices, Code Style, Error Prone, or Performance categories][3].

> To filter your results, use the facets to the left of the list, or search. Results can be filtered by service or team facets (learn how results are linked to Datadog services and teams [here][12]).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To filter your results, use the facets to the left of the list, or search. Results can be filtered by service or team facets. For more information about how results are linked to Datadog services and teams, see [Getting Started with Code Analysis][5].
```
